# Lilith's-Dream- Koko Bumatay
Lilith's dream is a choose-your-own-adventure text-based RPG inspired by Neon Genesis: Evangelion's final two episodes. The themes of the story are humans' inability to make cold decisions for survival without hesitation and the tendency of people to bury themselves deeper into their dellusions in order to escape their reality, implemented here to inspire reflection in the player. 

In order to test the game, I had to play through the different parts of it and choose each option, a meticulous process necessary to ensure that each branch is operational. I used the debug mode to test my menu and fight functions, a lenghty ordeal that involved testing every input the player could give. 

Creating this project taught me the complexity of balancing proper world building and maintaining a realistic scope. Often, I would be struck with inspiration for another character or function that I would begin to work on, and then realize halfway through that it would require much more work than I had time for. I also learned how to make use of adventurelib library (although I scrapped most of the ideas I had to implement it) and the random library. Adventure lib allowed me to streamline outputting serveral lines or paragraphs of text to the user, while random allowed me to add a luck element to the battles. My main challenge in this project was the need to print varying options to the reader and simultaneously accept input from the user, determining which route to take. I overcame this obstacle using while and for loops that allowed the code to check if the response was valid, and if/ese statements to determine which route was taken. Overall, I wish I could have done more with the worldbuilding, but I realized that I already had gone beyond what was required of me in an effort to make an interesting project. 
